CNV#72683 Physical network configuration (#105407)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/expanding-a-physical-network.adoc

> modules/expanding-a-physical-network.adoc

Author: Found it!

[id="expanding-physical-network_{context}"]

= Expanding a {product-title} physical network to include new nodes

[role="_abstract"]
You can add {product-title} worker nodes to an existing physical network.

Expanding a physical network creates a new configuration under the same logical physical network.

.Procedure

. From the *Virtualization* perspective, click *Physical networks*.

. Click the three dots to the right of the network that you want to edit.

. Click *Configure nodes*. The *Network configuration wizard* is displayed.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The **Physical network name** is predefined and cannot be edited during this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Physical network name* is predefined and cannot be edited.
```

====

> . Proceed through the wizard and add your additional nodes on the *Nodes configuration* page.

Author: This was a bit tough for me cause the UI is very self-explanatory.  I'm really not sure how much detail to add documenting a UI interface.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/vm_networking/virt-configuring-physical-networks.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="expanding-physical-network_{context}"]

> = Expanding a {product-title} physical network to include new nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Expand a {product-title} physical network to include new nodes
```

[role="_abstract"]

> You can add one or more {product-title} worker nodes to an existing physical network if you want to expand access to that network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can expand access to an existing physical network by adding one or more {product-title} worker nodes.
```
Suggestion for minimalism

Expanding a physical network creates a new configuration under the same logical physical network.

.Prerequisites
* You are logged in to the {product-title} web console as a user with `cluster-admin` permissions.
.Procedure
. From the *Virtualization* perspective, click *Physical networks*.
. Click the three dots to the right of the network that you want to edit.
. Click *Configure nodes*. The *Network configuration wizard* is displayed.
+
[NOTE]
====
The *Physical network name* is predefined. You and cannot edit it during this process.
====
. Click *Next*.
. On the *Nodes configuration* page, select whether to apply the network to all nodes on the cluster, or to apply the network to a specific subset of nodes.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you select specific nodes, you can view the matching nodes list to ensure the selection is correct. A validation error is displayed if the selected nodes overlap with another configuration associated with the same network.
====

> . On the *Uplink connection* page, select the network interface to connect to the physical network:

Reviewer: Use definition list formatting here, similar to the other procedure - currently the bullet points are misaligned / not indented under the numbered step

+

> * *Default node network*: Uses the default node network to access the outside physical network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default node network:: Uses the default node network to access the outside physical network.
```

A single interface:: Select a specific physical network interface from the list.
+
[WARNING]
====
If the selected secondary interface has an IP address on some of the nodes, using removes the IP address and might disrupt network services.
====
Bonding interface:: Configures bonded network interfaces to achieve resilience and higher throughput.
.. Enter a *Bonding name*.

> .. Select the *Network interfaces* to bond.

Reviewer 2: Here i would point out that we show only the available interfaces that all the selected nodes have in common. I would write this down as the user in some cases will not see anything and think that something is wrong. @phoracek what do u think we can write here
